# Quizbee
iwp project
The Quizbee Website is an online quiz portal with 2 types of quiz in the form of Spell Bee and Math Bee designed for the students of class 3rd to 10th. A user friendly website where students can register & subsequently, login using their credentials for the quiz type they opt for, read the instructions updated timely by the administrator, attempt the quiz, with the provision of surfing back and forth through the quiz using the option to switch to any question during the test so that they feel the same comfort level that they feel in the offline mode in an advanced manner. The website shows it’s exclusive nature with the provision of an administrator panel where the teacher or the admin can access all the database i.e., details of the students registered, their marks secured question-wise in the required order. The admin gets to experience their superlative position by having the access to the options of modifying or editing the database as well, in case of adding, deleting or editing any question or time per question. Our implementation and execution has taken place using HTML, CSS, JavaScript for the frontend of the website whereas, PHP and MySQL for the backend and database connection of the website using the IDE-Visual Studio Code(v3.0.2). The focus on privacy and secured server establishment has been also maintained in order to avoid any kind of malpractice involvement by the students. Therefore, each member be it the admin or the student gets to create their unique userId and password. In order to avoid problems such as creating google forms and quizzes every time that the teachers faces on a regular basis these days, especially during the pandemic with online classes, we have tried to develop this Web-based online test system which can create quizzes competitively and collaboratively by students for the purpose of reducing the load required for a teacher and promoting interactions within the class.
